# Frequently Asked Questions

#### Be more descriptive, what does this actually do?
Well it's easy really. Here's a link for [Teemo's most popular build in top lane](http://champion.gg/champion/Teemo) that Champion.gg has tracked. We take this information and save it in a way that League of Legends likes so you can have the exact builds in game!


#### Is it safe?
Yep it's safe! Were not modifying League of Legends at all, and got the clear thanks to [Riot's item sets docs](https://developer.riotgames.com/docs/item-sets). Code is clean and free to browse, so no smelly virus' or surprises. I've added VirusTotal report to all my recent releases for your sanity. If you still don't trust my executables, have a tech buddy look over my code themselves and you can build from source.


#### How do I make this work on Windows?
Run Championify.exe, the app will try and look for your League of Legends folder for you. If the app can't find it, browse to your League of Legends folder where `lol.launcher.exe` is saved (`LoLLauncher.exe` or `lol.exe` for Garena installations).


#### How do I make this work on Mac?
Run Championify, the app will try and look for your League of Legends.app for you. If the app can't find it, browse and select your League of Legends.app.


#### Why do I not see the item sets in the launcher?
Due to Riot restrictions, you can only see the item sets in game, you won't see them in the launcher.


#### Why does this not work on XP, Vista, or OSX Lion?
Sorry, Electron doesn't support anything below Windows 7 or Mountain Lion. There's no plans to support it.


#### The app opens with a white box, infinite loops, I just see the background, or nothing happens
I'm a bit lost why this is happening on some system, as I haven't found any real way to track it or recreate it myself. Delete the following folders depending on your operating system, and then try Championify again.

__Windows:__ `C:\Users\YOURNAME\AppData\Roaming\Championify`

__OSX:__ `/Users/YOURNAME/Library/Application Support/Championify`


#### AAHHHH! SOMETHING BROKE! IT'S ALL MESSED UP!
Calm down, I gotcha! If something went wrong it means something has changed that I did not expect. Follow the steps [below](#uninstall) in the next FAQ question to remove Championify's builds.


<a name="uninstall" />

#### Nah bro, I don't like this. How can I delete all your builds?
I'm sorry you don't like it, hopefully I'll have it live up to your expectations one day! As for deleting, just hit the "Delete" button in Championify and it'll remove all the items sets generated by Championify.


#### Should I be running this everyday?
Oh no not at all, that's the last thing you want to do. The best time to run Championify is 3-4 day after a major patch comes out. Only got to do it once.


#### Why do you force auto updates of Championify?
If something was to change on Riots end and Championify's item sets broke your client or completely screwed up one of your games, you'd be pretty pissed right? I know I would be. This is just one method to make sure you run in to the least amount of problems possible.


#### How do I auto update item sets?
It's currently not supported but is planned! If you would like to try a bit of automation yourself you can try the [command line parameters](README.md#clp)


#### Why is my antivirus complaining about lolflavor?
Let me guess, BitDefender? I know, I got it running too. For some reason they have lolflavor marked as malware, which I've checked myself and it's not. To add, Championify never loads a lolflavor page, so even if there was malware laying around Championify would never open it. See [virus total report here](https://www.virustotal.com/en/url/576b112b6ae43a58f00176c5efe8f9456fa16dcfcf4e341e17f6c68c6a5e0e88/analysis/1435015572/). To fix the issue, add "lolflavor.com" to your exceptions in your anti virus. [Tutorial here](http://www.bitdefender.com/support/what-to-do-when-bitdefender-2015-blocks-a-safe-website-or-online-application-1294.html)


#### Why is your script so slow?
The script is slowed on purpose so users don't spam other peoples servers, and then some sources are just slow in general. They're doing great great stuff over there and the last thing I'd want to do is cause them trouble.


#### Why is the file size so big?
I use Electron to wrap my GUI, and unfortunately it's a bit big. I'd rather the App just work than worry about size.
